.. include:: /include.rst 
 
2022.04.28 - Agenda and notes 
============================= 
 
2022.04.28 - (Thursday) 10:00 a.m. - 12:00 p.m. online only |br| 
`Zoom link <https://kslib.zoom.us/j/94148257525?pwd=NytJdFE0NlJFV3poN2h4QzJnYWJ0dz09>`_ |br| 
Zoom passcode 7858384090 |br| 
No recording of this meeting will be made |br| 
 
 
1. Announcements, news, brief items, etc. 
 
  - Introductions 
  - Additions to the agenda 
 
    - **Note from meeting** *Mike reminded everyone that if you have any materials challenges from the public or if you hear of any at your local school libraries that you should contact NEKLS.  We want to know and we might be able to offer some support.* 
 
2. Next Steps 
 
  - Roadmap for new training site 
 
    - Creation: April-July 
    - Testing: August-September 
    - Evaluation - Modification - More creation - More testing: Beyond September 
 
3. Rewriting the "Restricted item types" clause in the Participation Agreement for 2022 and removing 4 item types: 
 
    - Book (local requests only) 
    - Book (no requests allowed) 
    - Video (Local requests only) 
    - Video (No requests allowed) 
    - This is a follow-up from the last meeting 
 
      - **Note from meeting** *after discussing it, we decided that there's no reason to modify these rules or eliminate these item types at this time* 
 
 
4. State parks pass item type 
 
  - Can be used to catalog Kansas State Parks Pass if your library is participating in that program 
  - Advantage for using - if you check out a State Parks Pass to a borrower, it will be recorded in Koha 
  - Item type uses new "Automatic check-in" feature - 1 hour after the item is checked out, the item is checked in 
 
5. 2 new Collection Codes 
 
  - Battle of the books 
  - Kansas notable books 
 
    - **Note from meeting** *George is looking at why the icons have weird sizes* 
 
6. Hold waiting reminder is |ss| Live May 3 |se| 
 
  - 4 days after an item arrives to fill a request, an "Item available" reminder will be sent automatically 
  - Follows the same rules as the "Requested item available for pickup" messages 
 
    - *Note from meeting* *Needs more work - try to set so the message only goes one time* 
 
7. Still cleaning up redundant e-mail templates 
 
  - All default messages will have the NEXT search catalog logo 
  - All messages will have the same footer including the library's address, contact information, and phone number 
  - Messages can be customized on a library-by-library basis 
  - Hope to move to a new e-mail server soon 
 
8. Authority control project 
 
  - We will add Authority control by the end of the year 
  - Phase 1 - Marc record cleanup - possible cataloging freeze for a short period of time 
  - Phase 2 - Adding authority records 
  - Phase 3 - New procedures for cataloging 
 
9. Personalized log-ins for Catalogers 
 
  - Makes things easier for Authority control 
  - Allows us to better track changes to Marc records 
  - Allows us to improve the catalog 
  - Will be necessary for Authority control 
  - Will happen by August 1 (except for schools) 
  - In May, June, and July, George will work with libraries to identify who should be have a cataloging only login 
 
10. Changes to Frameworks 
 
  - Makes things easier for Authority control 
  - Allows us to improve the catalog 
  - Fast add for ILL or temporary circulation will be updated on June 1 
  - Fast add for periodicals, magazines, and newspapers will be updated on June 1 
  - Future changes to frameworks coming - Videos / Videogames / Audiobooks / Books / etc. 
 
11. Fast add for ILL or temporary circulation - more information 
 
  - Only ILL and (Unclassified) items 
  - 4 new ILL item types rules in place for all libraries 
 
    - **Note from meeting** *Can we add a 35 day ILL item type? - Yes - we will add that* 
 
12. Fast add for periodicals, magazines, and newspapers - more information 
  
  - Only for magazines 
 
13. How do libraries inform borrowers about the cost of items they're checking out 
  
  - Possible enhancement 
 
  - **Note from meeting** *George will work on some code - will work with PAOLA to see if there's some way to specifically help their situation* 
 
14. koha-US / KohaCon22 in Lawrence in September 
 
  - September 20-23 (Tue-Fri) 
  - Volunteers may be needed to help transport people 
 
    - **Note from meeting** *Do you want to do a presentation?  Contact George or Robin for more information* 
    - **Note from meeting** *Jim Minges may be the Keynote Speaker* 
 
15. Next meetings in 2022 
 
  - August 30 (Tuesday 10:00 a.m.) - NEKLS office / online 
  - November 17 (Thursday 10:00 a.m.) - Leavenworth Public Library / online 